BEEKEEPING  Beekeeping encourages the conservation of local habitats.
BEEKEEPING  It is in every beekeeper's interest to conserve local plants that produce pollen.
BEEKEEPING  As a passive form of agriculture, it does not require that native vegetation be cleared to make way for crops.
BEEKEEPING  Beekeepers also discourage the use of pesticides on crops, because they could kill the honeybees.
BEEKEEPING  Artisanal beekeepers go to extremes for their craft, but their product is worth the effort.
BEEKEEPING  Artisanal honey-making emphasizes quality and character over quantity and consistency.
BEEKEEPING  To produce the finest honey, beekeepers become micromanagers of their honeybees.
BEEKEEPING  They scout the fields, know when nectar flows, and select the best ways to extract honey.
BEEKEEPING  As the beekeeper opens the hive, the deep hum of 40,000 bees fills the air.
BEEKEEPING  The beekeeper checks honey stores, pollen supplies, and the bee nursery.
BEEKEEPING  Bees crawl across his bare arms and hands, but they don't sting, because they're gentle.
DREAMS  I have a recurring dream about exams, even though I'm no longer in college.
DREAMS  In my dream, it's the day of my final exam and I suddenly realize I've never gone to class.
DREAMS  I've never even done any of the reading assignments.
DREAMS  I know many other people who have the same nightmare.
DREAMS  Each morning, participants in the study had to write down their dream experience from the previous night.
DREAMS  They recorded if they recalled any dreams, and described each dream and its emotional intensity.
DREAMS  Participants then assigned each dream to a category, such as a flying dream, a bad dream, or a nightmare.
DREAMS  Every night while we sleep, our minds are as active as when we are awake.
DREAMS  We dream throughout the night, in cycles of about ninety minutes each.
DREAMS  Images, feelings, stories, and strange combinations of characters and places can fill our dreams.
GAMBLING  When I decided to start playing cards, things went from bad to worse.
GAMBLING  Gambling was something I had to do, and I had already spent close to $10,000 doing it.
GAMBLING  My friends were sick of watching me gamble my savings away.
GAMBLING  The hardest part was the horror of leaving a casino after losing money I did not have.
GAMBLING  Good data on the social and economic effects of legalized gambling are hard to come by.
GAMBLING  Some studies indicate that having a casino nearby makes gambling problems more likely.
GAMBLING  Gambling may also be associated with personal bankruptcies and marriage problems.
GAMBLING  Over the past generation, there has been a dramatic expansion of legalized gambling.
GAMBLING  Most states have instituted lotteries, and many have casinos as well.
GAMBLING  Gambling has become very big but controversial business.
HURRICANE  The wind from the hurricane shook the house, shattering a window in the kitchen.
HURRICANE  We ran in, grabbed some food, slammed the door, and surrendered the kitchen to the hurricane.
HURRICANE  I was afraid our house would be ripped from its foundation.
HURRICANE  Later that night, with the wind shaking the house, we fell asleep huddled on the sofa.
HURRICANE  Hurricanes can tear limbs off of trees and suck houses off their foundations.
HURRICANE  They dump heavy rains that can trigger floods and mudslides.
HURRICANE  Hurricanes can also bring a storm surge: a wall of ocean water that lurches onto land.
HURRICANE  Scientists use several methods to look for evidence of ancient hurricanes.
HURRICANE  The strongest storms deposited layers of windblown beach sand at the bottoms of coastal lakes.
HURRICANE  Trees drenched by passing hurricanes preserve a record of each storm in their growth rings.
ICE_CREAM  American ice cream is exported around the world, but different countries have different preferences.
ICE_CREAM  Many people enjoy their ice cream flavored with local delicacies.
ICE_CREAM  In some tropical places, vanilla ice cream is topped with bananas and fresh mangos.
ICE_CREAM  I remember making ice cream at home as a child.
ICE_CREAM  We poured the cream mixture into a frozen tub, then start turning the crank to expose it to the cold.
ICE_CREAM  Eventually it froze enough that I couldn't turn the hand crank any more.
ICE_CREAM  Then I put the container of half-frozen ice cream into the freezer to harden.
ICE_CREAM  Ice cream is a mixture of milk or cream, sugar, flavorings, and up to half whipped-in air.
ICE_CREAM  The butterfat in milk and cream is what makes it smooth and silky.
ICE_CREAM  High-priced premium ice cream is loaded with butterfat and natural flavorings.
LAWN_MOWER  When I use the riding lawn mower, the uncomfortable chair makes my back hurt.
LAWN_MOWER  I use the two levers in front of me to control the machine.
LAWN_MOWER  The sharp blades underneath the lawn mower precisely sever each blade of grass.
LAWN_MOWER  Mowing the lawn is a long task and it has taught me patience.
LAWN_MOWER  A lawn mower is a machine with revolving blades that cut grass to an even height.
LAWN_MOWER  The blades may be powered by muscle or the machine may have a motor.
LAWN_MOWER  The most common power source for lawn mowers is a small gas engine.
LAWN_MOWER  Electric lawnmowers are better for the environment because they do not create emissions.
LAWN_MOWER  They also need less maintenance and are less expensive to run.
LAWN_MOWER  Electric lawn mowers use as much electricity as an ordinary toaster.
ASTRONAUT  Astronauts train a long time for their spacewalks.
ASTRONAUT  Much of their training is conducted underwater.
ASTRONAUT  They may spend 8 to 10 hours in the pool for every hour they will spend floating in space.
ASTRONAUT  Astronauts practice to be able to perform construction and repair work on the outside of the space station.
ASTRONAUT  The commanders of shuttle flights are always pilots, and many have backgrounds as military test pilots.
ASTRONAUT  Other astronauts are trained as doctors, engineers, and scientists, who can run experiments in space.
ASTRONAUT  Early crews were all young men, but astronauts now are much more diverse.
ASTRONAUT  The team of astronauts floated out together to the exterior of the space shuttle.
ASTRONAUT  They carried tools needed to repair the broken part on the huge telescope.
ASTRONAUT  One astronaut loosened the bolts on the pipe, while the other fitted the replacement part into place.
COMPUTER_GRAPHICS  Computers have been used in art for a long time by experimental artists.
COMPUTER_GRAPHICS  Now that computers are more affordable and widespread, computer graphics have entered the mainstream art world.
COMPUTER_GRAPHICS  Some computer science conferences have art exhibitions that showcase the latest graphics technology.
COMPUTER_GRAPHICS  Brand new conferences have sprung up that are devoted to bridging the two cultures.
COMPUTER_GRAPHICS  The computer graphics specialist works with doctors to visualize medical conditions and surgical procedures.
COMPUTER_GRAPHICS  She uses digital animation to help doctors understand structures within a patient's body.
COMPUTER_GRAPHICS  Seeing the internal structures in an animation on a screen is much clearer than squinting at X-rays.
COMPUTER_GRAPHICS  Modern digital animation is a powerful tool for education.
COMPUTER_GRAPHICS  As the field of computer graphics broadens, we must ask if graphics actually help students.
COMPUTER_GRAPHICS  Research does suggest that vivid and engaging digital imagery can be effective in the classroom.
LAW_SCHOOL  The reason he came to law school in the first place was cliche.
LAW_SCHOOL  He wanted to change things for the better.
LAW_SCHOOL  He recalled one evening at law school when he and the program director had pulled an all-nighter.
LAW_SCHOOL  They finally finished drafting a petition for several evicted families at sunrise.
LAW_SCHOOL  Over the past four decades, the cost of legal education has gone up relentlessly.
LAW_SCHOOL  Private law school tuition increased by a factor of four since the 1970s.
LAW_SCHOOL  The market for admission to law school and for new lawyers could eventually crash.
LAW_SCHOOL  Law school faculty often have minimal experience in actually practicing law.
LAW_SCHOOL  Professors focus on writing law review articles for prestigious journals.
LAW_SCHOOL  Law schools often emphasize the theoretical, with classes on topics like property law in feudal England.
PHARMACIST  Pharmacists are increasingly involved in preventive care.
PHARMACIST  They are becoming front-line health advisers because people go to pharmacies often.
PHARMACIST  Pharmacists are often a good source of information about public health.
PHARMACIST  Doctors consult with pharmacists because they know a lot about drug interactions and side effects.
PHARMACIST  Pharmacists dispense prescription drugs to patients and offer advice about the safe use of medications.
PHARMACIST  They also conduct health and wellness screenings and provide vaccines.
PHARMACIST  Pharmacists must have professional degrees and pass two exams in order to be licensed.
PHARMACIST  I think the pharmacy profession chose me as much as I chose to be a pharmacist.
PHARMACIST  I was fascinated by the neatly arranged bottles in pharmacies as a child.
PHARMACIST  I know it's cliche, but I love the impact that I have on lives of my patients.
STRESS  Each person has his or her own response to potentially stressful situations.
STRESS  One person may be devastated by unemployment, while another may find working fulltime stressful.
STRESS  There are everyday stresses, like being stuck in traffic.
STRESS  There are also traumatic stresses, such as divorce or loss of a child.
STRESS  Some people can adapt to different levels of stress.
STRESS  If not dealt with effectively, though, stress can take a real toll on health.
STRESS  Remember that it's your reaction to stress that determines if it will be harmful or beneficial.
STRESS  When my company was downsizing, I felt incredibly stressed and worried.
STRESS  My heart would race for no reason, and I even felt dizzy at times.
STRESS  Then, I started taking yoga to try to manage my stress level.
TUXEDO  The man wore a jet black tuxedo with satin stripes.
TUXEDO  It was made with rich fabric cut in the latest style.
TUXEDO  Clearly he had it tailored, as it fit the man perfectly.
TUXEDO  It looked like something a professional stylist would have picked out for a formal event.
TUXEDO  While the tuxedo is still preferred, today's grooms are making personal statements in wedding attire.
TUXEDO  Shorter jackets are on the cutting edge of wedding fashion for men.
TUXEDO  Grooms are also jazzing up their tuxedos with colorful shirts and satin ties.
TUXEDO  A tuxedo jacket is a tailless dinner jacket with black silk lapels.
TUXEDO  Black tie trousers should be a perfect match to the tuxedo jacket.
TUXEDO  The shirt should always be plain white and the tie should be black and match the jacket lapels.
BLINDNESS  The concert pianist went blind in adulthood.
BLINDNESS  Her blindness was caused by a genetic condition that slowly damaged the eyes.
BLINDNESS  She told interviewers that being blind was an advantage to a pianist.
BLINDNESS  She had no visual distractions, so she could concentrate more fully on her music.
BLINDNESS  The government defines blindness as vision insufficient for the ordinary activities of life.
BLINDNESS  By establishing the parameters of legal blindness, resources can be focused on the legally blind.
BLINDNESS  This may overlook those who have vision problems but who do not meet the standard.
BLINDNESS  In developing countries, blindness in children is usually caused by infectious disease and nutritional deficiencies.
BLINDNESS  These causes can often be prevented by medicine and vitamin supplements.
BLINDNESS  In developed countries, blindness is more likely to be caused by genetic problems.
TASTE  No one really knows exactly how a taste gets from your mouth to your brain.
TASTE  Scientists think the process begins when a molecule of food touches a taste bud cell.
TASTE  The cell carries a taste message to taste nerves beneath the cell.
TASTE  It was once believed that each taste bud responded to one of the four basic tastes.
TASTE  That is, a taste bud on the tip of the tongue would respond only if you were eating something sweet.
TASTE  Scientists now think that a single taste bud can be sensitive to all of the basic tastes.
TASTE  My sense of taste isn't very good, so I tend to eat foods with very strong flavors.
TASTE  I like lots of hot sauce, and I drink my coffee with no cream, so it's very bitter.
TASTE  I can't even taste sweetness well, so when I make cookies I add extra sugar.
BONE_FRACTURE  Hip fractures are a real problem for aging individuals.
BONE_FRACTURE  Patients are faced with the pain of the break and the difficult process of healing.
BONE_FRACTURE  Families have to adjust to the patient's loss of independence.
BONE_FRACTURE  And for society, hip fractures involve substantial expense and time in the hospital.
BONE_FRACTURE  Halfway through the race, I heard a sound like someone snapping their fingers.
BONE_FRACTURE  I felt a crunch and I knew instantly that my foot was broken.
BONE_FRACTURE  Every step felt like running on spikes.
BONE_FRACTURE  At the doctor's office afterward, the x-ray clearly showed the fracture.
BONE_FRACTURE  There are a few different types of bone fracture.
BONE_FRACTURE  In closed or simple fractures, the bone is broken but the skin is intact.
BONE_FRACTURE  In open or compound fractures, the broken bone has punctured the skin and produced an open wound.
INFECTION  New ear piercings can become infected if they're not carefully cleaned.
INFECTION  Signs of infection include tenderness, swelling, or redness around the earlobe.
INFECTION  If you see these symptoms, clean the area and apply some ointment.
INFECTION  If the redness and swelling don't go away, contact your health care provider.
INFECTION  A local hospital has initiated new measures to reduce infections.
INFECTION  They have improved hand washing habits and ensured that infected patients are isolated from other patients.
INFECTION  The hospital has seen infection rates drop since the new measures began.
INFECTION  Scrubbing a wound with soap or alcohol delays healing, which increases the risk of infection.
INFECTION  Band-aids can increase the risk of infection by holding in heat and moisture.
INFECTION  Fortunately, most skin infections can easily be treated once they are diagnosed.
OPERA  Modern opera started at the end of the sixteenth century.
OPERA  It began as an effort to rediscover and imitate Greek tragic performance.
OPERA  Early founders of opera chose tales from antiquity for their subject matter.
OPERA  Later operas branched out into different sources of stories and musical traditions.
OPERA  Opera is an art form in which singers and musicians perform a play that combines words and music.
OPERA  It incorporates many of the elements of spoken theatre, such as acting, scenery, and costumes.
OPERA  Performances are typically given in an opera house and accompanied by an orchestra.
OPERA  The opera singer has worked hard to win the role in the new production.
OPERA  Her job is not just about singing.
OPERA  Acting, stage presence, and musical interpretation are all critical.
OPERA  But her pure, strong voice is certainly the star of the show.
PAINTER  A painter must keep many elements in mind while completing a painting.
PAINTER  She has to use solid elements of design, like strong composition and lighting.
PAINTER  She has to execute the brush strokes with skill.
PAINTER  Most importantly, the content of the painting should reveal a glimpse of the painter's soul.
PAINTER  Long ago, painters were employed more as skilled artisans than as creative artists.
PAINTER  However, prominent painters had the social status of scholars and members of the royal court.
PAINTER  They signed their work, decided on its subject and imagery, and established a personal relationship with their patrons.
PAINTER  As a painter, I learned to focus less on the actual scene and more on the painting itself.
PAINTER  An artist's eye is not a camera lens that has to record everything within its field of vision.
PAINTER  I found nature provides useful information, but more than is needed for a good painting.
OWL  The eagle owl is an impressive bird.
OWL  It has ear tufts that stick up like horns.
OWL  Its large orange eyes are downright creepy, and look like they could pierce right through you.
OWL  This owl hunts at night, flying swiftly and silently through the darkness.
OWL  While some owl species have become endangered, others are thriving.
OWL  The barred owl has spread well beyond its previous habitat.
OWL  Early findings suggest that logging may have facilitated the barred owl's invasion.
OWL  The owl landed on a thick branch and gripped it with her talons.
OWL  She pressed her wings to her sides and settled down, half-closing an eye.
OWL  She might have been a statue but for the glow of her eyes.
POLAR_BEAR  It's unnerving to watch a polar bear stalk across floating sea ice.
POLAR_BEAR  It's even worse when you are submerged in the frigid waters directly beneath the huge animal.
POLAR_BEAR  Overhead, giant paws set down on the ice as the polar bear pursued its prey.
POLAR_BEAR  As part of the film crew for a polar bear documentary, I spent months capturing these shots.
POLAR_BEAR  Polar bears are one of the few animals that will attack people for reasons other than fear or confusion.
POLAR_BEAR  They may attack out of hunger because they live in a food-scarce environment.
POLAR_BEAR  They will sneak up on people slowly, careful to conserve their energy.
POLAR_BEAR  The seal is an important part of the polar bear's diet.
POLAR_BEAR  When hunting, they will wait by a seal's breathing hole, or stalk seals that are basking on the ice.
POLAR_BEAR  The polar bear will crawl quietly forward and freeze in place when the seal looks around.
CASTLE  The medieval castle was not a structure built primarily for defense.
CASTLE  Its purpose was to dominate its surroundings.
CASTLE  A castle could easily control lands within a day's walk.
CASTLE  During times of attack, peasants, livestock, and property could be brought inside the castle's walls for protection.
CASTLE  Spectacular castles in dramatic locations provide a record of the stormy history of many regions.
CASTLE  Today, they stand atop rocky cliffs overlooking beautiful landscapes and quaint villages.
CASTLE  In the past, they were home to battles, plots and intrigue.
CASTLE  Upon leaving the train station we saw our hotel looming above:  a magnificent castle built on a cliff.
CASTLE  The thick outside walls sheltered an inner courtyard hundreds of feet above the river.
CASTLE  Our tower rooms had an incredible but slightly scary view.
PYRAMID  After climbing fifty feet up the side of the pyramid, the man gestured me into a small black entranceway.
PYRAMID  This led into the chamber at the pyramid's center.
PYRAMID  I followed him down the steep, dark, narrow Passage.
PYRAMID  The smell inside the pyramid was chalky and the air was thick.
PYRAMID  More than just the tomb of the king, pyramids represented the pride of the nation.
PYRAMID  The care that the pyramid builders took in their craft is evident.
PYRAMID  The stones covering the pyramid were precisely fitted together and polished until the structure gleamed.
PYRAMID  Architects are still working to solve the mysteries of how pyramids were constructed.
PYRAMID  Some think ramps were built inside the pyramid's walls to raise stone blocks.
PYRAMID  Others speculate that ramps zigzagged up the exterior walls of the pyramid.
ROCK_CLIMBING  Even beginner rock climbing takes courage and strength.
ROCK_CLIMBING  Climbers who are learning the sport can try scrambling on large boulders.
ROCK_CLIMBING  Once they're comfortable with that, they can begin using ropes to safely climb vertical rock faces.
ROCK_CLIMBING  All of the boys on the trip were new to rock climbing.
ROCK_CLIMBING  Many were afraid of heights.
ROCK_CLIMBING  Having someone else check their knots and harnesses helped them calm down.
ROCK_CLIMBING  The adults set up climbing routes appropriate for beginners.
ROCK_CLIMBING  Free-climbing is one particular style of rock climbing.
ROCK_CLIMBING  The climber relies solely on her skill and physical strength to ascend a rock face.
ROCK_CLIMBING  Rope and bolts are the only equipment used.
ROCK_CLIMBING  They are meant only to stop the climber if she falls.
SKIING  I hesitantly skied down the steep trail that my buddies convinced me to try.
SKIING  I made a bad turn and I found myself tumbling down.
SKIING  I finally came to a stop at a flat part of the slope.
SKIING  My skis were nowhere to be found and my poles were lodged in a snow drift up the hill.
SKIING  A major strength of professional skiers is how they use ski poles.
SKIING  Proper use of ski poles improves their balance and adds flair to their skiing.
SKIING  It minimizes the need for upper body movements to regain lost balance while skiing.
SKIING  New ski designs and stiffer boots let skiers turn more quickly.
SKIING  But faster and tighter turns increase the twisting force on the legs.
SKIING  This has led to more injuries, particularly to ligaments in the skier's knee.