MUSIC  An accordion is a portable musical instrument with two keyboards.
MUSIC  One keyboard is used for individual notes, the other for chords.
MUSIC  Accordions produce sound with bellows that blow air through reeds.
MUSIC  An accordionist plays both keyboards while opening and closing the bellows.
DWELLING  An apartment is a self-contained home that is part of a building.
DWELLING  An apartment may have one or more rooms, as well as a kitchen and a bathroom.
DWELLING  Some apartments are for single people, others for families.
DWELLING  The building can have a garage, a laundry facility or extra storage space.
FRUIT  An apple is a fruit that can be green, red or yellow.
FRUIT  Apples have thin skin, a crisp, sweet pulp and seeds inside.
FRUIT  Some very tart apples are used to make cider.
FRUIT  Apples can be eaten raw, roasted or baked in pies.
CRIME  Arson is the criminal act of burning a building or wildland.
CRIME  A fire investigation determines if a fire was caused by accident or arson.
CRIME  Arson can be done to cause damage to others or collect insurance.
CRIME  The severity of the crime depends on whether people were harmed.
VEHICLES_TRANSPORT  An automobile, or car, is a wheeled vehicle for transporting passengers.
VEHICLES_TRANSPORT  A car can be powered by a gasoline or electric engine.
VEHICLES_TRANSPORT  The driver steers the car on roads, other passengers just sit.
VEHICLES_TRANSPORT  Automobiles vary in size, number of doors and the type of trunk.
WEAPON  The axe is a tool used to split and cut wood.
WEAPON  The axe usually consists of a head attached to a handle.
WEAPON  Historically, axe heads were made of stone and then metal.
WEAPON  Axes are used by woodcutters and firemen entering buildings.
FRUIT  A banana is a long fruit that grows in bunchs, with a soft edible inside.
FRUIT  A banana when ripe can be yellow, purple or red and have small brown spots.
FRUIT  The greatest producers are tropical countries, such as India or Ecuador.
FRUIT  Unripe bananas and plantains are staple foods and often cooked like potatoes.
FURNITURE  A bed is a piece of furniture used as a place to sleep or have sex in.
FURNITURE  A bed is made of a mattress and a box spring, plus sheets, pillows and covers.
FURNITURE  In waterbeds the mattress is filled with water, and in airbeds it is filled with air.
FURNITURE  Another type of bed is the hammock, a fabric sling suspended above the ground.
INSECT  A bee is a flying insect, with a black and yellow body and six legs.
INSECT  Bees spread pollen between flowers as they collect nectar to make honey.
INSECT  Bees are social insects and live together in a colony located in a hive.
INSECT  Many bees have stingers and can attack if they feel threatened.
VEHICLES_TRANSPORT  A bicycle is a vehicle with two wheels and pedals on a frame.
VEHICLES_TRANSPORT  A bicycle is propelled by the pedalling of a cyclist on the saddle.
VEHICLES_TRANSPORT  The wheels have rubber tires with an inner tube full of air.
VEHICLES_TRANSPORT  People use bicycles for transportation, recreation and racing.
PROFESSION  A blacksmith creates objects by forging iron or steel.
PROFESSION  A blacksmith hammers and bends hot iron on an anvil to change its shape.
PROFESSION  Blacksmiths wears a thick apron and handle the metal with tongs.
PROFESSION  Blacksmiths make objects like weapons, horse shoes or iron furniture.
APPLIANCE  A blender is a kitchen appliance used to mix ingredients or puree food.
APPLIANCE  Blenders have a glass or plastic container with a rotating blade in the bottom.
APPLIANCE  Blenders are used to make milk shakes and fruit smoothies.
APPLIANCE  Blenders are also used to make cold alcoholic drinks with crushed ice.
HUMAN  A boy is a young male child who has not undergone puberty.
HUMAN  The term is used to indicate sex distinctions relative to girls.
HUMAN  Traditionally boys like to play rough games and fight with each other.
HUMAN  An adult male behaving immaturely is often referred to as a boy.
VEGETABLE  Broccoli is a plant in the cabbage family.
VEGETABLE  Broccoli has a green flower head and a thick, tough stalk.
VEGETABLE  Broccoli is high in vitamins, fiber and other nutrients.
VEGETABLE  Broccoli can be boiled, stir-fried or eaten raw.
INSECT  A butterfly is a flying insect with four large wings.
INSECT  The wings of butterflies can be very colorful and patterned.
INSECT  Metamorphosis is the transformation of a caterpillar into a butterfly.
INSECT  Some people collect butterflies because of their colorful wings.
PROFESSION  A carpenter is an artist or manual laborer who works with wood.
PROFESSION  Carpenters build and repair houses, furniture, boats and other objects.
PROFESSION  Carpenters use tools such as hammers, saws, pliers and planes.
PROFESSION  A luthier is a carpenter that makes and repairs musical instruments.
ANIMAL  Cats are small furry animals with four legs and a tail.
ANIMAL  Cats like to groom themselves by licking their fur.
ANIMAL  Cats can hunt mice or birds, but are often fed by their owners.
ANIMAL  The claws of cats are retractable so that they keep sharp.
FURNITURE  A chair is a piece of furniture designed for people to sit on.
FURNITURE  Chairs consist of a seat raised above floor level, supported by legs.
FURNITURE  Chairs can also have back and arm rests, as well as a cushion.
FURNITURE  Seats are fixed chairs located in vehicles or in places like cinemas.
MUSIC  A clarinet is a woodwind musical instrument.
MUSIC  A clarinet is a long black tube with a flare at the bottom.
MUSIC  The player chooses notes by pressing keys and holes.
MUSIC  The clarinet is used both in jazz and classical music.
FISH  A cod is a fish that lives in the colder areas of the Atlantic.
FISH  Cod flesh is white and mild-tasting, and flakes easily when cooked.
FISH  Fresh cod is used for fish and chips, salted cod for elaborate dishes.
FISH  Cod has been caught, salted and traded since the time of the Vikings.
DRINK_NON_ALCOHOLIC  Coffee is made from coffee beans, the seeds of the coffee plant.
DRINK_NON_ALCOHOLIC  Coffee is a popular drink in many countries, and usually served hot.
DRINK_NON_ALCOHOLIC  Coffee contains a mild drug called caffeine that keeps people awake.
DRINK_NON_ALCOHOLIC  Coffee is the world's seventh-largest legal agricultural export.
LANDSCAPE  A desert is a natural environment where almost no rain falls.
LANDSCAPE  Hot deserts are usually filled with sand dunes or rocks.
LANDSCAPE  Some animals and plants have adapted to live in deserts.
LANDSCAPE  The biggest hot desert is the Sahara in northern Africa.
FURNITURE  A desk is a piece of furniture used for working at, sometimes with a computer.
FURNITURE  A desk has a flat surface and can be made of wood, plastic or metal.
FURNITURE  A desk may have drawers to store supplies and papers.
FURNITURE  A cubicle consists of a desk surrounded by partitions on three sides.
BUILDING_PART  A door is a movable barrier to entrance or exit from an enclosed area.
BUILDING_PART  Most doors have locks to control who gets to pass through them.
BUILDING_PART  Most doors are opened by pushing or pulling a handle after they are unlocked.
BUILDING_PART  Other types of doors can slide or consist of a revolving chamber.
CLOTHING  A dress is a piece of clothing that women sometimes wear.
CLOTHING  A dress is like a shirt attached to a long, matching skirt.
CLOTHING  A dress is usually worn at formal occasions, such as a wedding or a dance.
CLOTHING  It can be hard to climb stairs or ride a bike in a dress.
CRIME  Drunk driving is the act of driving under the effects of alcohol.
CRIME  Drunk driving of any vehicle is a crime in most of the world.
CRIME  It plays a role in almost half of all vehicle-related deaths.
CRIME  Drunk drivers are caught by field sobriety and breathing tests.
DISASTER  A drought is a persistent shortage of the water supply caused by lack of rain.
DISASTER  Drought will cause crops and plants to stop growing and die.
DISASTER  Extreme drought will eventually turn areas into desert and cause famine.
DISASTER  Large numbers of people have to migrate away from dust bowls.
BIRD  Eagles are large birds of prey that hunt during the day and have very good eyesight.
BIRD  Eagles have hooked beaks for tearing flesh, strong legs and sharp talons.
BIRD  Eagles live in eyries and some species eat fish and others small mammals.
BIRD  The bald eagle has a bright white head and is the national bird of the United States.
DISASTER  Earthquakes shake the ground and can knock down buildings and other structures.
DISASTER  The shaking can also trigger landslides and volcanic activity.
DISASTER  Most earthquakes are caused by the release of energy in the Earth's crust.
DISASTER  An earthquake at sea can displace the seabed and cause a tsunami.
ANIMAL  Elephants are the largest kind of land mammal, weighing several tons.
ANIMAL  An elephant has a long nose called a trunk, which can grab things or food.
ANIMAL  The elephant has a pair of ivory tusks, for moving objects or digging into trees.
ANIMAL  The elephant flaps its large ears to cool the blood in them and its body.
BODY_PART  The eye is an organ for sensing light and coding it for the visual cortex.
BODY_PART  Most animals have complex eyes which can detect color, motion and texture.
BODY_PART  The fovea is the center of the human eye and the most sensitive part of it.
BODY_PART  Insects have compound eyes made up of eye units facing in many directions.
PLACE  A farm is land used to grow plants or raise animals for food.
PLACE  Farmers are the people who run the farm and decide what to produce.
PLACE  Farms usually have a house for farmers, a silo and a barn.
PLACE  A cooperative is a farm where many farmers share the land and equipment.
BODY_PART  Primates usually have four fingers and a thumb on each hand.
BODY_PART  Fingers are used for grasping, writing, grooming and other activities.
BODY_PART  The fingertips are sensitive to temperature, pressure and vibration.
BODY_PART  The nail protects the tip of the finger and can be grown or decorated.
DISASTER  A flood is an overflow of an expanse of water that submerges inhabited land.
DISASTER  Flood can be caused by heavy rain or rapid snow melt, as well as earthquakes at sea.
DISASTER  In a flood a river will flow out of its channel or break dams and levees.
DISASTER  During a flood people evacuate and the contaminated water causes diseases.
BUILDING_PART  A floor is a horizontal surface inside a building, used for walking on.
BUILDING_PART  Floors may be made of bare concrete, tile, linoleum or wooden floorboards.
BUILDING_PART  People often put carpets on a floor, for comfort and to dampen noise.
BUILDING_PART  In buildings the floor often has pipes and electrical wiring under it.
BODY_PART  A foot is a body part on the end of a leg. 
BODY_PART  People use their feet when walking, running or standing straight.
BODY_PART  People also use their feet to kick, in both fighting and sports.
BODY_PART  Many cultures have rules for behavior related to feet.
LANDSCAPE  A forest is an area with a high density of trees and canopy cover.
LANDSCAPE  The type of forest depends on temperature and rainfall in its location.
LANDSCAPE  A forest ecosystem has various types of trees and animals, as well as ground plants.
LANDSCAPE  Deforestation is the cutting down of forests disregarding regeneration.
KITCHEN_UTENSIL  A fork is a tool for eating solid foods, with a handle and several tines.
KITCHEN_UTENSIL  Forks are usually  made of metal, or plastic, if disposable.
KITCHEN_UTENSIL  Forks are used to lift food to the mouth or to hold food in place while cutting.
KITCHEN_UTENSIL  Forks are used in Western cultures, and there are special kinds for various foods.
KITCHEN_UTENSIL  A frying pan is a small pan with sloping sides and a handle.
KITCHEN_UTENSIL  A frying pan is used to fry, sear and brown food.
KITCHEN_UTENSIL  The food is cooked on oil covering the bottom of the pan.
KITCHEN_UTENSIL  Frying pans are made of iron or teflon-clad steel.
HUMAN  A girl is a female human who has not yet reached maturity.
HUMAN  At puberty the body of a girl develops into that of a woman.
HUMAN  Girls often like playing with dolls and social games.
HUMAN  Girls sometimes grow long hair and wear dresses and skirts.
CLOTHING  A glove is a piece of clothing that covers the hand and fingers.
CLOTHING  Gloves to protect against cold are made of wool or lined waterproof material.
CLOTHING  Disposable rubber or latex gloves are used to shield hands from germs or chemicals.
CLOTHING  A mitten is a kind of glove where the four fingers are covered together.
TOOL  A hammer is a tool used to deliver an impact to an object.
TOOL  A hammer is most often used to drive nails into wood.
TOOL  The claw on the head can be used to remove nails.
TOOL  Hammers vary in the shape of the head and handle length.
WEAPON  A hand grenade is an explosive used as a weapon against people.
WEAPON  Hand grenades are thrown and timed to explode a bit after that.
WEAPON  Grenades can also be fired from rifles or shoulder launchers.
WEAPON  Tear gas grenades are thrown into the middle of a mob to disperse it.
ANIMAL  A horse is a large hoofed mammal with four long, muscular legs.
ANIMAL  A horse has a tail and a mane on its neck, and is usually gray or brown.
ANIMAL  Horses have been used for draft work, travel and entertainment.
ANIMAL  A human can ride a horse while it walks, trots or gallops.
PLACE  People go to hospitals to be healed when they are sick or injured.
PLACE  Hospitals are staffed by professional physicians, surgeons, and nurses.
PLACE  Some patients go there for specialist diagnosis or therapy, leaving the same day.
PLACE  For some operations or treatments patients have to stay for several weeks.
DWELLING  A house is a permanent building or structure for people or families to live in.
DWELLING  A house has a roof and walls to keep out cold and rain, and windows to let light in.
DWELLING  A house can have rooms for purposes like sleeping, cooking or washing.
DWELLING  Most people leave the house to work and come back at night to eat and sleep.
DWELLING  An igloo is a type of shelter made from blocks of snow by Inuit.
DWELLING  Igloos are built in places where snow covers the land most of the time.
DWELLING  Igloos are often built in the shape of a dome, with an entrance tunnel.
DWELLING  Air pockets in snow insulate the space, and body heat warms igloos.
KITCHEN_UTENSIL  A knife is a tool with a sharp edge that is used to cut things.
KITCHEN_UTENSIL  Modern knives consist of a handle and a blade, usually made of metal.
KITCHEN_UTENSIL  Knives have also been used as weapons and instruments in rituals.
KITCHEN_UTENSIL  A knife can be used to attack by slashing, stabbing or throwing. 
VEGETABLE  Lentils are the seeds of a plant of the legume family.
VEGETABLE  Lentils can be red, green, brown, black or yellow.
VEGETABLE  Lentils are commonly used in Indian and Mediterranean cuisines.
VEGETABLE  Lentils are cooked by boiling and are a great source of protein.
VEGETABLE  Lettuce is a biennial plant often grown in temperate climates as a leaf vegetable.
VEGETABLE  Lettuce can be eaten cold and raw, in salads and other dishes, or cooked.
VEGETABLE  Lettuce is considered fairly easy to grow and a suitable crop for beginners.
VEGETABLE  Most lettuce leaves taste bitter, but some are bred to remove the bitterness.
PLACE  A library is a place where a collection of books, documents and media is kept.
PLACE  Librarians work at libraries and are experts at finding and organizing information.
PLACE  People can go to public libraries and borrow books to take home for several weeks.
PLACE  Academic libraries support scholarly research and have specialized books.
DWELLING  A log cabin is a small house built from round logs.
DWELLING  Log cabin is a symbol of American frontier life and humble origins.
DWELLING  Log cabins were used as first shelters by european settlers.
DWELLING  Log cabins were built using logs with notch joints at the ends.
HUMAN  A man is a male human adult.
HUMAN  A boy becomes a man after passing through puberty.
HUMAN  Manhood is associated with masculinity and virility.
HUMAN  Men differ from women in height, weight, and body structure.
DRINK_NON_ALCOHOLIC  Milk is a white liquid produced by female mammals to feed their young.
DRINK_NON_ALCOHOLIC  Newborn animals must be fed milk before they can eat solid food.
DRINK_NON_ALCOHOLIC  Dairy products such as cheese and butter are made from milk.
DRINK_NON_ALCOHOLIC  Liquid produced from soybeans and coconuts is sometimes called milk.
INSECT  Mosquitos are thin, small flying insects that emit a high-pitched sound.
INSECT  Mosquitoes have mouthparts for piercing the skin of plants and animals.
INSECT  Female mosquitoes bite people and animals and suck their blood for protein.
INSECT  Mosquito bites can spread yellow fever, malaria and other parasite diseases.
LANDSCAPE  A mountain is a landform that rises steeply above surrounding land.
LANDSCAPE  Mountains rise higher than hills and sometimes have snow at the top.
LANDSCAPE  A range of mountains forms due to tectonic plate collision.
LANDSCAPE  Mountaineers are people who climb or hike up mountains.
BODY_PART  The mouth is the face cavity we put food in when we eat.
BODY_PART  The mouth has teeth to chew food and mix it with saliva.
BODY_PART  The mouth is also used for kissing and talking.
BODY_PART  Speech sounds are controlled by tongue placement in the mouth.
KITCHEN_UTENSIL  A mug is a sturdy cup with a handle for drinking hot liquids.
KITCHEN_UTENSIL  A mug is normally ceramic, but can also be made of metal or glass.
KITCHEN_UTENSIL  A mug is thick and has a ring base for thermal insulation.
KITCHEN_UTENSIL  Mugs can be plain or have drawings imprinted or carved on them.
CRIME  Murder is the unlawful killing of another human being with intent.
CRIME  Murder a serious crime because it deprives the victim of their existence.
CRIME  Killing in self-defense, accidentally or in war is not considered murder.
CRIME  A convicted murderer is often given a life sentence or the death penalty.
DRINK_NON_ALCOHOLIC  Orange juice is a drink made from the liquid in orange pulp.
DRINK_NON_ALCOHOLIC  Orange juice has a sweet, acid taste and contains a lot of vitamin C.
DRINK_NON_ALCOHOLIC  Freshly squeezed orange juice often contains pulp as well.
DRINK_NON_ALCOHOLIC  Orange juice is often drunk at breakfast from a glass.
BIRD  A parrot is a bird that lives in warm and tropical regions.
BIRD  Parrots have brightly-colored feathers and a sharp, curved beak.
BIRD  Parrots can imitate the human voice if they hear it repeatedly.
BIRD  Their appearance and abilities makes them popular pets.
FRUIT  A peach is an orange-yellow fruit with a characteristic smell.
FRUIT  The skin of a peach is thin and covered in small, fine hairs.
FRUIT  Peaches have a large, red-brown stone inside which contains the seed.
FRUIT  Peaches are sweet and delicate, and must be harvested after ripening.
MUSIC  The piano is a popular musical instrument played by means of a keyboard.
MUSIC  Pressing a piano key causes a felt-tipped hammer to hit a vibrating steel string.
MUSIC  The piano has an enormous note range, and pedals to change the sound quality.
MUSIC  The piano repertoire is large and famous pianists can give solo concerts.
FISH  Piranhas are small, ferocious fish that live in South American rivers.
FISH  Piranhas live and attack in schools and are most active during the day.
FISH  Piranhas have very sharp teeth and are opportunistic carnivores.
FISH  Piranhas eat fish, insects, lizards, mammals and carrion.
FRUIT  The raspberry is a fruit that grows in forest clearings or fields.
FRUIT  A single raspberry consists of many small fruits joined together.
FRUIT  Raspberries are eaten by themselves or cooked with sugar into jam.
FRUIT  Leaves of the raspberry are used fresh or dried in herbal teas.
BIRD  A raven is a large black bird that thrives in many climates.
BIRD  Ravens feed on carrion, insects, berries or small animals. 
BIRD  Ravens have large brains and are capable of problem solving.
BIRD  In folklore ravens are birds of ill-omen and also tricksters. 
APPLIANCE  A refrigerator is a cooling device used to contain and preserve food.
APPLIANCE  Some refrigerators can have a small compartment at freezing temperature.
APPLIANCE  A refrigerator can have shelves and small compartments for different types of food.
APPLIANCE  A refrigerator is generally white and people often put magnets on its surface.
WEAPON  A rifle is a firearm that rests on the shoulder and has a barrel with twisting grooves.
WEAPON  The grooves make the bullets spin around the rifle axis as they fly through the air.
WEAPON  Rifles are used in hunting and shooting sports, sometimes with scopes.
WEAPON  Assault rifles can fire in bursts and are the standard infantry weapon.
FISH  Salmon is a fish that migrates from fresh water to the ocean and back to spawn.
FISH  Salmon flesh is orange or red and has high protein content and a nice taste.
FISH  Salmon can be eaten raw in sushi or cooked by grilling, poaching or in other ways.
FISH  Salmon is the most common farmed fish, though it can also be caught in the wild.
TOOL  A saw is a tool that uses a hard blade or abrasive wire to cut hard materials.
TOOL  The small sharp points along the cutting side of the saw are called the teeth.
TOOL  Saws can be worked by hand, or powered by an electric motor or gas engine.
TOOL  Saws are used extensively in forestry, construction, carpentry and medicine.
PROFESSION  A scientist studies and produces new knowledge about the physical world.
PROFESSION  A scientist creates hypotheses and does experiments to test them.
PROFESSION  Physics, chemistry and biology are classic examples of sciences.
PROFESSION  Scientists publish their research in journals and conferences.
TOOL  Scissors are a two-bladed instrument used for cutting.
TOOL  The blades are usually metallic, with plastic or metal handles.
TOOL  Depending on the size and format, scissors can cut paper, hair or fabric.
TOOL  Shears are large scissors used for cutting shrubs or pieces of metal.
TOOL  A screwdriver is a tool for inserting and tightening screws into something.
TOOL  Screwdrivers can also be used to remove screws after they are inserted.
TOOL  The screwdriver tip applies the torque from rotating the handle.
TOOL  The two major types of screwdrivers are Phillips and flathead.
FISH  A shark is a large fish with a cartilage skeleton.
FISH  Sharks have streamlined bodies, with a large dorsal fin.
FISH  Most sharks predate on fish and mammals, with powerful jaws.
FISH  Sharks have very keen senses and can detect electrical fields.
VEHICLES_TRANSPORT  A ship is a large vehicle that floats and travels on water.
VEHICLES_TRANSPORT  A ship can be powered in the ocean by sails, steam, or diesel engines.
VEHICLES_TRANSPORT  Ships are used to fish in the ocean and to transport cargo containers.
VEHICLES_TRANSPORT  Cruise ships are floating hotels that take people between cities.
CLOTHING  A shoe is clothing for the foot, with a sole, an outsole and a heel.
CLOTHING  Shoes are usually made of leather, canvas, rubber or plastic.
CLOTHING  Women's shoes often have high heels and come in many styles and colors.
CLOTHING  A sneaker is a shoe for sports and athletic activity.
PROFESSION  A soldier is a member of the national armed forces who fights on land.
PROFESSION  A soldier in the militia must wear a uniform, usually camouflage.
PROFESSION  In a volunteer army, a soldier is paid for his or her work.
PROFESSION  A soldier fights using weapons such as rifles and grenades.
WEAPON  Spears are weapons that consist of a pole and sharpened head at one end.
WEAPON  Spears were the most common personal weapon before the advent of firearms.
WEAPON  Spears were used for stabbing or throwing when fighting in war.
WEAPON  Some native people still use the spear for hunting and fishing.
INSECT  Spiders are insects with eight legs that make silk.
INSECT  Spiders build webs with silk and use them to catch insects.
INSECT  Spiders use venomous fangs to paralyse their stuck prey.
INSECT  Spiders can be as small as a coin or as big as a bird.
LANDSCAPE  Swamps are low, spongy land subject to frequent inundation.
LANDSCAPE  A swamp is covered with shallow water, mud and vegetation.
LANDSCAPE  Swamps are nesting and breeding grounds for birds and reptiles.
LANDSCAPE  Farmers often drain swamps to produce fertile arable land. 
CLOTHING  A sweater is a heavy garment worn on the torso for warmth.
CLOTHING  Sweaters are often knitted from wool but cotton is also common.
CLOTHING  A sweater that opens down the front is called a cardigan.
CLOTHING  Sweaters differ in cut, collar and sleeve shape, as well as decoration.
FURNITURE  A table is a piece of furniture with a flat surface and legs.
FURNITURE  There are usually chairs around a table for people to sit.
FURNITURE  People set cutlery, plates and food on a table to eat a meal together.
FURNITURE  Tables are also used as surfaces to work or write on.
APPLIANCE  A television is an appliance with a screen that displays moving images.
APPLIANCE  Televisions are mostly used for watching programs or films.
APPLIANCE  They are used to play videogames when connected to a game console.
APPLIANCE  Television content can be broadcast or received via cable or internet.
CRIME  Theft is the taking of person's property without their consent.
CRIME  Thieves steal to own something or to sell it to receivers.
CRIME  Theft is a crime and can be punishable with jail or fines.
CRIME  Industrial espionage is theft of ideas and intellectual property.
APPLIANCE  A toaster is a kitchen appliance for toasting bread using heating elements.
APPLIANCE  Pop-up toasters toast the bread placed in a slot and eject it once done.
APPLIANCE  Toaster ovens have a door on the side, a tray within and temperature control.
APPLIANCE  They allow bread to be cooked with toppings like garlic or cheese.
VEGETABLE  The tomato is a shiny and smooth red fruit, with a savory taste.
VEGETABLE  A tomato softens and changes color from green to red as it gets more ripe.
VEGETABLE  Tomatoes can be used to make salads, soup or ketchup, as well as sauce.
VEGETABLE  There are many varieties of tomato, with different sizes and tastes.
VEHICLES_TRANSPORT  A train is a connected series of cars that moves between stations on a track.
VEHICLES_TRANSPORT  The train is pulled by a locomotive, powered by diesel or electricity.
VEHICLES_TRANSPORT  A freight train transports containers of goods or fuel over long distances.
VEHICLES_TRANSPORT  Commuter trains transport people between suburbs and stations inside a city.
PLACE  A train station is a place where passengers get on or off a train.
PLACE  Train stations have counters or machines for purchasing tickets.
PLACE  There are waiting rooms and places to eat in a station.
PLACE  Passengers or cargo trains enter from a platform next to the line.
DISASTER  A tropical cyclone is a storm formed over warm tropical sea.
DISASTER  Cyclones can produce very powerful winds and torrential rain.
DISASTER  Tropical cyclone can also cause high waves and coastal flooding.
DISASTER  A tropical cyclone can move inland and seriously damage property.
MUSIC  The violin is an instrument with four strings that is played with a bow.
MUSIC  Violin is the smallest and highest pitched instrument in its family.
MUSIC  A violinist holds the instrument between the chin and the collarbone.
MUSIC  Different notes are made by fingering the neck with one hand while bowing.
BIRD  Vultures are scavenging birds, feeding mostly on the carcasses of dead animals.
BIRD  Many vultures have a bald head without feathers for losing heat.
BIRD  Vultures use their large wings to soar for miles without flapping.
BIRD  Vultures seldom attack healthy animals, but may kill the wounded or sick.
BUILDING_PART  A wall is a solid structure that defines and sometimes protects an area.
BUILDING_PART  Walls delineate a building, support the roof, and divide the space into rooms.
BUILDING_PART  Walls are usually made of stone, brick, or cement, as well as drywall.
BUILDING_PART  Retaining walls provide a barrier to movement of earth, stone or water.
DRINK_NON_ALCOHOLIC  Water is the most common liquid on Earth, covering 70% of its area.
DRINK_NON_ALCOHOLIC  Plants, animals and people must drink water in order to live.
DRINK_NON_ALCOHOLIC  Water freezes at a low temperature and becomes solid ice.
DRINK_NON_ALCOHOLIC  Rain is water that falls from clouds in the sky, which are condensed vapor.
ANIMAL  A whale is a very large mammal that lives in the ocean.
ANIMAL  Whales breathe through blowholes on their heads when surfacing.
ANIMAL  The blubber in a whale serves as an energy reservoir and as insulation.
ANIMAL  Whales have been hunted for meat, whale oil and ambergris.
BUILDING_PART  A window is a transparent opening in a wall to let light through.
BUILDING_PART  A typical window is made of sheets of glass held in place by frames.
BUILDING_PART  When open, a window will also let air and sound through.
BUILDING_PART  Some windows have multiple panes to increase insulation inside.
HUMAN  A woman is a female human adult.
HUMAN  A woman is stereotypically seen as a caregiver.
HUMAN  A woman can become pregnant and bear children.
HUMAN  A woman has different reproductive organs than a man.